# CatDiamondRocket

The name of this game is "Helping Basket Cat". The intent of this game is to develop rudimentary skills in the Unity software environment and the C# programming language. Through this game we wished to work with writing scripts in C#, add game objects to the scene, and work with mouse input and sprites. The narrative: Weaver, the basket cat, was transformed into a basket cat after going through a nuclear holocaust! In order to pay for an operation that will turn them back into a normal cat, they need to collect the diamonds that fall from the sky, BUT! if Weaver collects a rocket-- a nuke-- then the condition begins to revert back and it costs more to get the operation, this effectively lowers the amount of diamonds that the cat has! In order to move Weaver, move the mouse to the left and right! In order to show how badly Weaver has been transformed the sprite is a cat face on top of a basket body. The demonstrate the nuclear holocaust we made the background a photo of Pripyat; to symbolize the money we made the sprite diamonds and to show that Weaver collects the wrong object we made it a rocket. One of the joys of making this game was being able to see the sprites come to life and move as we intended them. Another one was attaching a script and it functioning as it should, for instance making the score increase and decrease depending on the object caught. One of the struggles was getting used to connecting the correct objects and scripts and components to each other; Unity handles a lot of difficult aspects of programming really easily, but it comes with the cost of being very interwoven and particular about where things belong; we struggled trying to attach the dropping script to the correct prefab for instance. 
In this project Daniel made the Basket, Dropping, GameManager, and Landed scripts with the exception of making the sprites fall at random locations in the screen. Daniel also added the background image and adjusted the file structure. He made adjustments to the physics components on the rocket and diamond sprites. Caden made the prefabs, added the game objects and canvas. Caden also added most of the necessary components to the sprites and made the diamonds and rockets fall from random x positions.
Attributions:
  Background: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/ found at https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5d/Pripyat_Central_Square_%2838464376986%29.jpg/512px-Pripyat_Central_Square_%2838464376986%29.jpg.
  Rocket: https://opengameart.org/content/rocket
  Diamond: Made by DanSevenStar.xyz
  Cat-Basket: Image was not found after doing a reverse image search through google. It is not original work, please submit an issue if you find where the original image is from.
